well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again yeah so today we're going to talk
about masks it is advised that you wear
one okay protects you protects your
loved ones it protects those people
around you it protects society in
general almost as soon as the advice
came out the president said that he
wouldn't be wearing one you know being a
good leader at all and setting the
example there were a number of people
who said they would worry about it when
I did I have now made my beard mask
compliant I would also like to point out
that my mask my real kit SILS at the
neck I didn't have to do this this is
just me trying to set a better example
we do not have a real leadership we have
to lead ourselves there were a number of
people who reached out who said that
their boyfriend their husband or
whatever did not want to do it okay men
don't want to do it because it questions
our invincibility can't look tough with
we're having one of these you probably
owned one of these if you're one of that
sort you've got one of these right
because you are tacticool now you have a
use for it okay fold it into the
triangle the way you normally do when
you hang it over your shoulders then
bring it up over you like this here
bring it tight
that's it now nobody has to know that
you're not invincible now yours probably
has a pirate flag or something on it in
the little checks doesn't matter it'll
work this alone would help protect those
around you because more than likely if
you're the sort that is more worried
about your image than everything that's
going on right now you're probably
likely to contract it because you're not
taking the precautions you should so you
have this more than likely you have this
you have something like this use it use
it I mean come on when else are you
gonna have the opportunity to wear it in
public you paid nine bucks for it get
some use out of it aside from that other
people have reached out saying that they
are bored so I'm going to hopefully if
it doesn't rain I will do a bonfire
tonight set up a live stream and let the
just let it run I'll talk for a little
bit but I'll just keep it going so y'all
can hang out in the chat and hang out
and have something to do we are in this
together and we will get through it
together as long as everybody takes the
precautions they should wear the masks
if you have the opportunity wear the
mask do your part
anyway it's just thought y'all laughs
y'all have a good day